My perfect holiday.
As a boy, like all other boys, I wanted to be a man.
But my parents did everything for me.
Actually, they managed every minute of my life.
Although they loved me, I felt a bit unhappy with them.
John Chengu, do your homework.
Practice the piano.
Turn off the TV.
I became so bored with their orders that I wished they would leave me alone.
Well, my wish came true.
Although my parents were very worried about leaving me, they had to go away on business
for a few days.
Now was my chance.
I could have some fun at last.
As soon as I got home from school the first day, I happily threw my school bag on the sofa
and ate lots of snacks.
Then, I enjoyed an exciting film on TV.
And after that, I played computer games.
I liked the games so much that I played until midnight.
The next morning, I woke up late.
I had to hurry to school without breakfast, but I was still late.
The teacher asked me for my homework, but I could not hand it in.
With an empty stomach, I was unable to play basketball with my classmates.
I felt tired and sleepy at school all day long.
When I got home, I tried to cook some rice, but I burnt it.
I even dropped my father's cup when I was cooking.
I found myself so bad at simple cooking tasks.
I started to feel lonely.
I wanted Mum and Dad to come home soon.
Mum cooked such delicious food and made sure I never forgot my homework.
Dad always helped me with any difficult questions and told funny jokes when I was unhappy.
Then I realised being home alone was not always perfect.
When my parents came home, they were happy to find that I could cook and tidy up now.
I told them my home alone story and we all laughed.